so what's going on fox com that's what
is that is that the internet that what
it is i think the university just give
me like two any words about what you're
doing at the roller rink here well okay
i'm gonna tell you all right i'll get a
word out about your ass front piece in
this room well the why would i be at the
roller rink actually we're a roller rink
because we are doing an episode of till
death i'm very excited with very
talented funny man named jay am j be
smooth I play a character named kitty
also known as K chesty until death I'm
Brad little brother by way of a Big
Brother program you know JB we met
babies here's a funny cat man he is a
funny cab I'm gonna put this in my ass
and you blow incredibly hard on this end
yeah I know we're gonna say I love
Thanksgiving it's underdog everyone on
board how does a grown man become a
little brother so what happened was you
know I was in the system you know me I
with I signed up for the Big Brother
program 25 years ago but they never gave
me a big brother somehow I was still in
the system due to due to a glitch in the
computer system I'm still India Brad
signs up to be a big brother he comes to
pick me up at my home and I open the
door I'm a grown man how about you back
up some mmm now we got a connection like
I said we got maybe we got ma'am male
bonding going on here I mean it was a
weird route to get there but it's gonna
work out so well this male bonding thing
between me and Brad's gonna be amazing
it's not gonna be like the Magic Johnson
show I think you were on
where you want remember you remember you
wore the shirt magic when go back to the
cob and it's catchy you're like okay bug
the hair you have a fantasy episode to
go with this like they're going rock
climbing they're saving orphans you know
that rock climbing often think I think
we might do something a little more
challenging you know me maybe we open
our own business maybe a detail shop or
something cool you know me maybe a
barbershop is something cool like that
you know tune in JB Smoove on till death
this season this season 9 30 after
american idol you better check it out
don't turn that channel after american
idol goes off don't you dare turn that
channel till death just after american
idol till death 930 an idol 9 30a be
smooth ahead get it march 25th right we
have to say march twenty fit after
american idol roller skating roller
skatin having a great time and hope
sketches unicorns and promises yeah i
love that and nice knockers